What is a socket?
A socket is an endpoint where data can be processed across a network.
Client socket workflow
To create a client socket, you call socket() and connect to a remote address
by calling connect(), and to recieve data you call recv()

What is a port? 
A port is an ID where a computer obtaines access to specific
services and allows the connections to reach its correct
destination.
The range of existing ports are ranged 0-65535
0-1023 -> for common services like accessing web browsers
1024-49151 -> for specific applications like databases (MYSQL 3306, SQL Server 1433)
49152-65535 -> Temporarily assigns for client connections e.g when you open up
	       a browser to website and your computer assings a port to establish 
	       that connection.

What is an IP/TCP?

An IP makes sure the data being transferred across a network arrives at the correct
destination.

TCP (Transmission Control Protocol) establishes a connection between the sender and the reciever. TCP also let's data
packets that are being transferred are assembled in the correct order.

In the TCP stage, a three handsake process takes place. The sender sends an SYN which is an initial request packet to the reciever 
to start the process. The reciver gets this packet and decides wether to accepts this request or not. If the reciver accepts the
request packet, the reciever sends an approval packet to the sender. The approval packet is a SYN-ACK packet. Then the sender sends
an ACK to confirm it got the approval packet and can then start sending data packets to the reciever.

For embedded system, they use LwIP which uses the TCP/IP full stack, but tries to leave some extra memory to be used since
you're working with microcontrollers. Memory needs to be rationed

SOCKET_PROGAMMING BASICS

File Descriptors

E.g int server_file_descriptor, int client_file_descriptor

A file descriptor is an integer that the OS hands to our process that
we can use system calls on to read/write data (e.g, read(), write()) or
otherwise modify

We'll have the following file descriptors always by default: 0 (stdin),
1(stdout), 2(stderr)

We use file descriptors for both real files and for sockets

Creating a TCP socket

Use int socket() from sys/socket to create a socket. Will return 
file descriptor on success or < 0 if fails

The first parameter specifies domain to be in use. We'll use AF_INET 
for now. 
The second parameter is type which means we either do TCP or UDP 
transfer
The third parameter is protocol. We'll use 0 for now since we're 
already using SOCK_STREAM and the program will figure it out itself


